Issue #118 - correct user manual (#120)
dil-classroom/projet-dilemme: README.md

    - `{{ page.date }}` : the date of the page creation
<br> <br>

> ### Warning
> - You cannot create folders named `build` or `template` inside other folders, they will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Limitations
- All folders named `build` or `template`, other than those at the site's root folder, won't be copied during the build process.
```
